It Chug Chug jug puff puff puff ding dong ding
dong.
The little train rumbled over the tracks.
She was a happy little train for She had such
a jolly load to carry.
Her cars were filled full of good things for boys
and girls.
There were toy animals,
giraffes,
long necks,
teddy bears with almost no necks at all and even
a baby elephant.
Then there were dolls dolls with blue eyes and yellow
curls dolls with brown eyes and brown bob heads and
the funniest little toy clown you ever saw,
and there were cars full of toy engines,
airplanes,
tops,
jack picture,
puzzles,
books,
and every kind of thing boys or girls could want
, but that was not all.
Some of the cars were filled with all sorts of
good things for boys and girls to eat big golden
oranges,
red cheek apples,
bottles Of creamy milk for their breakfast,
fresh spinach for their dinners,
peppermint drops and lollipops for after meal treats.
The little train was carrying all of these wonderful things
to the good little boys and girls on the other
side of the mountain.
She puffed along merrily,
then all of a sudden she stopped with a jerk
. She simply could not go another inch.
She tried and she tried,
but her wheels would not turn.